Chen Mengxuan, you still want to delay
Old Yellow and Fatty are not with you today.
Hmph, no one in your family is here to save you
You are now dead on ten sides
Humph
Have you ever considered that I did it on purpose?
Just to catch you bastards in one go
What do you mean?
Wife, you are here
Ah, not good.
There were so many people outside.
Our brothers are surrounded
Can't help it
Wife, here I come
This is a morning excavation of Huangshan soil
A car with a golden silver ring coated with water
When did these two great sages come out of the mountain?
Could it be that the property eagle is lying
Xiaoyao Shenhou Zhang Songbai
And Xuanyuan Tianzhuang Xiao Zhenghou
These old-timers who have been retired for many years
Why are they all here?
Are they Chen Beixuan's people?
Hey, impossible.
Chen Beixuan is your leg
How is it possible to have so much energy?
They must be here to help us
Someone big must be helping us
Jiang Family Jiang Tianye greets all seniors